Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial in the previous video.
We have converted our dataset to the dictionary format and set up our environment.
Right now we have to define and add a few additional pieces of information about the data set itself
because is a flow transform uses a batch of being in the backend the whole infrastructure needs more
detail about each column what type of column it is what future to expect in that column and so on that
information is called meta data.
For now we are going to define that method data manually.
So let's do that in this video.
We are going to define variable called data metadata and let's set that to our input function called
data set.
Metadata all of that is followed by DOT and use the main object used to create this metadata called
data set metadata.
This class accepts the single argument and that is information about our columns.
So to create that information we are going to use our second import data set schema and call a function
it from features spec the data set schema is another helpful thing that we are going to use to generate
our metadata and there from feature spec is a function that receives a Python dictionary.
And as you can see the first argument is a Python dictionary called feature of spec where each key is
a column name and the value for that key is information about a column.
Now that we know that what dictionary or how the dictionary should look like.
Let's provide one for the first column.
Let us define and 0 2 because that is the name of a column and for the value of that column we are going
to use our tensor flow and the function from it called fixed line feature because we are not dealing
with strings or dates or forms of that sort.
In this case we are dealing with floating numbers.
Therefore we are going to use a fixed line feature.
It could be in different numbers of digits but in the end it is fixed length and we know what data type
to accept this fixed line feature accepts a few additional arguments.
The shape of our data and the data type since we are expecting a single number as an input we can simply
provide an empty brackets for our shape and for our data type as we discussed it is you have that flowed
32 since each particle in our data set or in the air except the same type of data flowed 32.
We can simply copy this line and place it three more times below for each column in data set and now
on the thing that we need to change is a column name.
So for the second one put so two DNA for the third 1 p.m. then and lastly change the column name to
suit and that's it.
We are all done in our data set.
Meta data is created because we used some additional new functions.
I know that this could be hard but trust me this.
This was the hardest part of the whole section.
And to conclude this video let's print our metadata and as you can see it is python dictionary for each
future we have information such as name type presence shape and so on.
Now we have enough information about the dataset itself to build our pretty processing function and
that's what we are going to do in the next video.
If you have any questions or comments so far please post them in the comments section.
Otherwise I've seen the next tutorial.